This is an obsidian plugin for flashcards.

It has the following features:

- It shows a obsidian side panel which shows the decks found in the vault.

- This plugin support two types of flashcards, all based on markdown
  - Header + Paragraph
    - A markdown file, that contains blocks of headers and paragraphs
    - The headers from the the front side of the flashcard
    - All of the text underneath the header until the next header or EOF form the backside.
    - Therefore a markdown file consists of multiple flashcards in the form of header+paragraphs.
  - Table
    - A markdown table which consists of two columns
    - Each row of the table except for the first row which contains the table header is a flashcard where the first column forms the front side and the second column forms the back side.
- Decks are markdown files which contain tags which start with #flashcards tag. The name of the file is name of the deck.
- When the panel shows in the right side panel, it will look for all possible decks in the #flashcards/xxx tag and show a list of them.
- The plugin offers the option to sync the decks and all flashcards found in them in its database which is a sqllite database, and it does so automatically when the panel is opened.
- The sqllite database stores the following data:
  - Deck
    - Deck name: takes it automatically from the markdown file which is tagged #flashcards/*
    - DeckId - autogenerated, saved also in the markdown file
    - LastTimeReviewed : when it was last time reviewed

  - Flashcard
    - The plugin detects automatically the type of flashcard based on the two types of flashcards mentioned above, and extracts the front side and back side respectively.
    - Flashcard-Id : is generated by taking the hash of the front text, in order to avoid duplicate flashcards when syncing.
    - Front side
    - Back side
    - Deck Id
    - Due date: calculated from FSRS algorithm.
    - LastReview: Date and Time
    - Status: {New, Learning, Due}



- The side panel should look like this:
  - Main Container
    - Layout: Centered column
    -	Padding: Moderate (visually balanced)
  - Table Header
    - Font: Bold
    - Columns:
      -	Deck (left aligned)
      -	New
      -	Learn
      -	Due
      -	Alignment: All numerical columns are center-aligned
  - Table Rows
  	- Each row represents a deck
  	- Columns (left to right):
  	- Deck Name
  	  - Font: Normal
      - Clickable, open Review Modal which uses obsidians built in markdown support, To show the cards.
  	- New
  	  - Color: Blue (#4aa3df) if > 0, Gray otherwise
  	-	Learn and Due
  	  -	Font: Normal

- State Logic
  - Card Counts
	- New: Never seen before.
  - Learning:
    - If the card is in short term review, which means when the card is shown again within minutes or hours not days
    - This uses fixed short intervals, eg. 1 minute -> 10 minutes -> 1 day
    - The purpose is to reinforce new information while its still fresh
  - Due: if due <= today: Part of spaced repetition; ready to be reviewed now

- The review modal
  - When the user starts reviewing the deck, he has 4 options after reviewing a flashcard:
    - Review again option to review it again
    - The hard option when the flashcard was hard to remember
    - The easy option when the flashcard was easy to remember
    - The very easy option when the flashcard was super easy to remember.
  - The review process is based on FSRS flashcard review algorithm, which takes into account the options above when calculating the next time the flashcard needs to be review.
 - The flashcards that need to be reviewed and the date and time when they are reviewed are stored in the .flashcard file



## Project Structure

- This project is based on Typescript.
- It uses Svelte as the UI framework for creating UI elements.
